Can somebody help me?
Ah!
Godmother, what are you talking about?
Did I do something wrong?
Did it make you angry?
Be careful
I have always loved you
Do you have to force me to make things clear?
Why? I really don't understand what you're saying.
madam
The hospital called and said it made a mistake and the blood should be full
Save the blood type in the next episode.
Godmother
You get up and sit first
I just don't think you should be at your birthday party
Making such a big joke for Mu Xinxin
In front of so many people
I see what you have with Henan Mu Xinxin
He also gave him the bracelet.
With my future wife in Yunzhou, it will only be you
What else did you say?
Today is not about announcing my marriage to Brother Yunzhong
Yes?
So be it.
Isn't your college's dance competition next week?
As long as you win the championship
I did it in front of the whole school.
Announce your marriage
Oh, really?
I will definitely take the first place.
I'll get ready.
madam
I'm half dead
Lao Jiang, I'm still worried, you can arrange someone.
Go test me and little DNA